The CSS box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content. 
Advantages of CSS: 1.Better website speed 2.Easier to maintain 3.Consistent design 4.Time saving 5.Better device compatibility 6.Postioning of design elements.
1.CSS cannot perform any logical operations like if/else or for/while or +/-. 2.We can not read any files using CSS. 3.It can not interact with databases. 4.CSS can not request a web page.
The 3 ways to include CSS in webpage are: 1.Linking the external file with your web page. 2.By creating a CSS block i.e inserting within the <head> and </head> tags. 3.By inserting the CSS code right on the tag itself i.e in-line CSS.
1.CSS Element Selector. 2.CSS Id Selector. 3.CSS Class Selector. 4.CSS Universal Selector. 5.CSS Group Selector.
A CSS preprocessor is a program that lets you generate CSS from the preprocessor's own unique syntax. Most CSS preprocessors will add some features that don't exist in pure CSS, such as mixin, nesting selector, inheritance selector, and so on. These features make the CSS structure more readable and easier to maintain.                    (i). Sass - is the most mature, stable, and powerful professional grade CSS extension language in the world. It is compatible with all versions of CSS and has a large community.                                                      (ii). Less - (which stands for Leaner Style Sheets) is a backwards-compatible language extension for CSS. It is a CSS pre-processor that enables customizable, manageable and reusable style sheet for website.                        (iii). Stylus - is a dynamic stylesheet preprocessor language that is compiled into CSS. It aims to add functionality to CSS without breaking compatibility across web browsers. It does this using variables, nesting, mixins, functions and more. Stylus syntax is very flexible.
